Cross post series of blog posts on performance (#71)
scikit-learn/blog: _posts/2022-02-08-performances.md

---
title: "Performances and scikit-learn"
date: February 8, 2022
categories:
  - Performance
tags:
  - Open Source
  - Performance
postauthors:
  - name: Julien Jerphanion
    website: https://jjerphan.xyz
    image: jjerphan.jpg
---

<div>
  {% include postauthor.html %}
</div>

scikit-learn has been around for more than 10 years.

> Yet, scikit-learn has some room of manoeuvre when it comes to performances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yet, scikit-learn has some room to maneuver when it comes to performances.
```

> This series of blog post aims at explaining the on-going work of the scikit-learn developers to boost the library performances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This series of blog post aims at explaining the on-going work of the scikit-learn developers to boost the library's performance.
```
